So we successfully logged in and logged out.
But we have some UI issues for the look out button here and we are requesting the user two times.
So how do we fix that?
We will fix that by using view X.
So why do we need to view x?
So view x is needed in case we want to use the for example, in our case authenticated user in the different
components.
So we will get the user in of the home component.
But we also needed in the NAV component view X will help us send this user via events from the View
X Store.
So let's see how to do that first.
The state is the allowed here.
The default state will be authenticated to false.
So first we have to create the default state and the default state is that the user is not authenticated.
Then we need to add actions.
So actions user in case the user is authenticated, we want to change that state.
So we have to add an action which is a function set oath in our case, and this function will have the
context here.
And the second parameter is the health value, which will be a boolean.
This is a view x.
Let's put it here.
Context, auction, context.
And, uh, I'll put in you there.
It doesn't matter.
So we have the context, and we have, uh, the value here that we want to change.
To change that value.
We have to use it like this.
We have the context, and we will commit that context to a mutation.
So.
In view.
This state is immutable.
What does immutable mean?
Immutable means that we cannot change the state.
Like these, for example.
This state all is equal to all.
No, this should not happen.
In case something changes, we will create another state.
And for that we need to commit to a mutation.
And the first parameter is the function of the mutation.
I'll call it again.
Set out in the value.
It will be this out boolean there and that's it for the action.
Now let's go with the mutation which we need the same function set also.
And here the first parameter is the state.
And the second parameter is again that our variable is a boolean.
And the state we can cost the state here is uh, having another variable is a boolean.
We can do it like this.
Now here we can set the state like this state is equal to ours.
Now, let me explain it again.
Uh, here.
When we do the action, we will commit to a mutation.
But the mutation will create a new state.
It will not change this value directly here, but instead it will create a new state here, which we
will assign this value and the value will be changed.
If all is very confusing, we will see now that the actual usage is very simple.
So let's use it.
Let's go to our home component.
So here the first thing that I will do is wrap this function with a trick which.
So I erupted in the.
The first case here is when the user is authenticated or create another variable here and this will
be the store and this will be equal to youth store.
So don't forget to import store from view x and now we have access to that the our variable.
When the when we get the user, when we successfully get the user, it means that we will wait here
store.
We will dispatch an event and that event is set out in the value of the authenticated user.
User is true so we are authenticated.
This set out here is actually the action.
So as I said, the action is something that we do.
So this is the action that we want.
We will make the action, we will set the value and later on that action will change to them.
You will call them mutation that will actually change the state.
Let's go to the home again.
I'll copy this code.
Base it here.
In case we have an error, we will dispatch set our earth to false.
And that's it for this component.
Now, we dispatched an event and we should handle that event to our Navidad view.
And here we want to get to that event.
And what I will do is I will change this auth variable.
We will not use ref anymore.
Instead we will use the computer.
So first let's get the store is equal to use store from view x and then the other variable now will
be like this we have to get computed.
So we need to import also computers from view.
This will be a computer to value and this will be equal to store that state that oh, and that's it.
The computer, the value.
It means that, uh, we will, uh, every time this value changes, it will be reassigned to this variable.
So it is a function and it is behaving just like a variable, and that's it.
So now this value will be the same as the value in the inner component.
So we can remove this on mounted here.
We don't need it anymore and I will save it.
And as you can see, we are not seeing logout anymore and we are not logged in.
And the.
If we fill the network to the user is called.
Only once.
No.
Let's try to logging.
So if we sign in with this user, we can see immediately.
Hi.
The name and the surname and the logo button is appearing.
Now let's make a small fix.
When we click logout, we are not actually logging out here.
We have to refresh.
So why is that happening?
So the first thing that we need to do when we logout, which we haven't done, is we have to use the
authorization.
And we have to set the authorization to empty because the we removed the the refresh token, so we should
remove also the access token.
And the second thing is we have to dispatch again store.
Uh, set dispatch.
Sorry.
Set of two.
False.
And with this, uh, our.
Oh, let's go back to our home here.
We need to get again the event from the navigation, which we haven't got it.
So let's go to the navigation.
We have to copy this part.
Let's go to our home old biscuit here.
A computer is out to import it.
We got out and I will return it here.
Oh, in the message.
Now I will show it like this.
So if oth then we show the message.
Otherwise we will show.
You are not logged in.
So that should be it.
Let's try to log in now.
And we successfully logged in.
Let's try to look out and we can see this changed.
And it's saying you are not logged in.
And when we refresh, it is the same.
So this is how View X works.